# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pins
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   rsconnect-python
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
duckdb==1.1.3
    # via devops (pyproject.toml)
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via vetiver
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via pins
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   vetiver
humanize==4.11.0
    # via pins
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via pins
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via pins
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.31.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pins
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   pins
    #   scikit-learn
    #   vetiver
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via devops (pyproject.toml)
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   vetiver
notebook==7.3.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.2.2
    # via
    #   devops (pyproject.toml)
    #   palmerpenguins
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   vetiver
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
palmerpenguins==0.1.4
    # via devops (pyproject.toml)
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   devops (pyproject.toml)
    #   palmerpenguins
    #   pins
    #   vetiver
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pins==0.8.7
    # via vetiver
pip==24.3.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   rsconnect-python
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via vetiver
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.24.1
    # via vetiver
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.1.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   vetiver
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via rsconnect-python
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via vetiver
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pins
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pins
    #   vetiver
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsconnect-python==1.25.1
    # via vetiver
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   devops (pyproject.toml)
    #   vetiver
scipy==1.15.1
    # via scikit-learn
semver==3.0.3
    # via rsconnect-python
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==75.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pip-tools
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rsconnect-python
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via vetiver
vetiver==0.2.6
    # via devops (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via pins
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
